This is my sister, Laila.
This is my sister, Mimi.
Um, my sister, Laila, she is very caring, I know that, for sure.
One thing that I appreciate about Mimi is that she have the self-sacrificing spirit.
We love our family.
What I love most about my mom is that she has a big heart.
And I know that my dad really truly loves his family.
Our sister, Sophie, always takes care of you, making sure you are okay.
Our family is something that we would never want to replace.
To us, it's a forever family.
But it wasn't always like that.
We haven't always been sisters.
At a young age, I was already in the foster home,
and then Mimi became my foster sister.
We were not treated as part of their family.
We never knew what love felt like.
There isn't a bedroom for us.
Me and Laila were shared a couch.
Our foster family, they would leave us by ourselves at home.
And me and Laila had to take care of ourselves.
And so we were very close together, because we would talk to each other and just help each other out.
When we would go to school, we didn't have school supplies, so I would steal stuff.
And we didn't have school uniforms.
We had clothing that was dirty.
I feel like, in some way, that was all those experience kind of make me feel like I don't care.
I didn't like authority figures and didn't really trust them.
I was lost. I was confused.
I just did whatever I could possibly to protect myself.
We have experienced things that no children should go through.
We found out there's a family who wanted to adopt us.
I was 12 years old and I was 9 years old.
One thing that was tough for me was conversing.
I didn't know any English and it was hard for my parents to know how I felt,
because I had a hard time expressing if I was sad or scared.
I had a difficult time to trust.
But they showed us love and they hugged us and just made us feel like home.
As I got to know them better and I got to see that they truly love me
and that they truly treat me like their daughter,
helped me to develop love and trust.
The first time I saw my mom in debt praying at the dinner meal,
it was very new to me because I never knew that there was a God.
I had some past experience with religion and I didn't like it.
So whenever I saw my mom in debt praying, I was uncomfortable with it.
They had to figure out a way to introduce their best friend Jehovah to us.
They took us to this place called the Kingdom Home.
The first thing we felt was warmth and love.
All these friends coming up and to say hi to us,
giving us hugs, just super loving towards us.
Dad would give us a note pad and he told us to draw anything that you understand.
And so that was our notes. We would just draw pictures.
They would pray with us, teaching us how to pray specifically
and see how Jehovah can answer our prayer.
We would eat breakfast every day together and do daily texts.
We would do re-enact Bible stories and prepare for meetings.
The Simplify Wash House came out and it really helped us so much.
I was able to really learn more about Jehovah and understand it.
And that helped me to give more comments and draw closer to Jehovah.
A big change for me was strain the 2014 International Convention.
Just seeing love in the unity between brothers and sisters touched my heart.
That also helped me to progress towards making the decision of getting baptized.
Going on service more, I think it really helped me to draw closer to Jehovah
and making the Kingdom feel real to me.
And so that's why I wanted to get baptized.
After I graduated high school, I started to pioneer.
It's one way to show my love to Jehovah.
I used to just take care of myself.
But I learned to take care of others and to think of others first.
For us young ones, we should appreciate every moment that we have with our parents.
Your parents are the best friend that you could ever have.
Going on service wasn't easy for me at first because I'm actually a very shy person.
But I decided to rely on Jehovah and started pioneering.
And just recently, I started commuting to Bethel.
One day a week, the important quality that Jehovah have told me is love.
I felt that love from my family, from Jehovah, from my friends.
I learned that it's all good to love people.
And that's what you're supposed to do.
You love people and take care of people.
And I feel like my life is more satisfying and meaningful.
When I meditate and think about what Jehovah has done for me and Lay Lay,
I don't have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my secure refuge because life's may change,
but Jehovah does not change.